Add "Logic errors" as behavior not considered unsafe (#919)
rust-lang/reference: src/behavior-not-considered-unsafe.md

See [RFC 560] for error conditions, rationale, and more details about
integer overflow.

##### Logic errors

Safe code may impose extra logical constraints that can be checked
at neither compile-time nor runtime. If a program breaks such
a constraint, the behavior may be unspecified but will not result in
undefined behavior. This could include panics, incorrect results,
aborts, and non-termination. The behavior may also differ between
runs, builds or kinds of build.

For example, implementing both `Hash` and `Eq` requires that values
considered equal have equal hashes. Another example are data structures
like `BinaryHeap`, `BTreeMap`, `BTreeSet`, `HashMap` and `HashSet`
which describe constraints on the modification of their keys while
they are in the data structure. Violating such constraints is not
considered unsafe, yet the program is considered erroneous and

> its behavior, unpredictable.

Author: I was mainly putting it there in place of the verb (since I omitted it to avoid repeating it). I have now tried to look up if that is done or not in English (like in Spanish), but it looks like it is only done when the clauses are split by a semicolon and no conjunction? I am curious now... :-)

integer overflow.

> [RFC 560]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/0560-integer-overflow.md

Reviewer: As per reference style rules, this link needs to be at the bottom.

##### Logic errors

> Some safe functionality may impose extra logic constraints that cannot be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some safe functionality may impose extra logical constraints that can be
```

The way you have it written now, it's a double negative.

Author: Ah, yeah, that is my Spanish speaking :-)

> Some safe functionality may impose extra logic constraints that cannot be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safe code may impose extra logic constraints that cannot be
```

> checked at neither compile-time nor runtime, for different reasons. If a user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
checked at neither compile-time nor runtime, for different reasons. If a program
```

Programs, not users, break constraints.

```suggestion
checked at neither compile-time nor runtime. If a user
```

"for different reasons" doesn't actually mean anything.

Author: > "for different reasons" doesn't actually mean anything.

Yeah, it is a bit informal for the reference. Initially I was thinking that a reader might want to know what kind of things wouldn't be possible to enforce, so I thought about giving some examples, and then reduced it... but yeah, it looks out of place.

Reviewer: FWIW, this entire page is basically non-normative. It exists mainly as a reminder to the user that `safe` doesn't actually mean safe in general.

Author: Ah, thanks for the pointer, I didn't know that. I thought everything was more or less normative (well, "equally normative", since the intro says the document isn't normative anyway).

> breaks such a constraint, the behavior is unspecified but will not result in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
breaks such a constraint, the behavior may be unspecified but will not result in
```

It's not unreasonable to possibly specify behavior for code that breaks contracts.

Author: I see your point. Hmm... when I was writing this, I was thinking about this as a definition, i.e. that if somewhere else a "logic error" is referenced, then it means the behavior is unspecified. Thus if you actually specify what happens when some constraints are broken for some function, then you shouldn't use the term "logic error" (or whatever we chose for that term). So, for instance, an `unwrap()` panicking wouldn't be regarded as a "logic error".

But I agree with you, because this is not actually written as a definition (it uses "logic error" rather than defining it) and the file isn't meant to be a list of definitions either. Plus giving a very specific meaning to a term as common as "logic error" would create confusion. Nevertheless, I wonder if such a list of semi-formal definitions would be a good idea (similar to what I comment in the OP).

undefined behavior. This could include panics, incorrect results,
aborts, and non-termination. The behavior may also differ between runs,
builds or kinds of build.

> For instance, data structures like `BinaryHeap`, `BTreeMap`, `BTreeSet`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, data structures like `BinaryHeap`, `BTreeMap`, `BTreeSet`,
```

Trying to keep all examples greppable with `example` somewhere in them.
